So of course this was just a start,
we got more dependencies, we got more files. Tooltip does have no other dependency as far as I can tell
but project item for example has tooltip as a dependency.
Now we can still work with multiple imports as we currently do but actually, I really want to switch
to a module-only setup. So I'll comment out
all these imports here, also the DOM helper and I'll only leave the app.js import here as our root
entry point.
Now that of course breaks everything
and now we therefore have to switch to modules entirely.
So let's start our way from the bottom up,
let's start in app.js because that's our entry file,
this will be the file that is loaded first.
What do we have in there?
We're using project list here,
so project list is a dependency of this app class in the app.js file.
So we should go to the project list Javascript file and export project list here.
Now with that, we can go back to app.js and here, simply import this.
So we add an import of project list between curly braces from the app folder and there from projectlist.js.
Now with that, we make project list, we make this class available in this app.js file and
therefore this line works again.
So if we now save that, we'll see that we'll get a different error,
now project item is not defined.
This error is stemming from project list and that makes sense,
we're able to get the project list into the app file
so now the Javascript code execution moves on to project list and tries to run all that code, set up
this class and it of course will see that project item is simply not known to this file because this
is a dependency of project list which we're not stating yet.
So let's go to project item and as before, export project item and then go to project list again and
import it, import project item from
and now it's in the same folder,
so just ./projectitem.js
If we do this and we save that, we get a different error, project item doesn't find the DOM helper.
So let's go to project item,
make sure we import the DOM helper by first of all going to the DOM helper,
exporting it and then here, let's go back to project item and in this file, import from, go up one level,
go into the utility folder, then DOM helper
and here I want to import the DOM helper class, so that this is available in project item.
I also already know that I'll need the tooltip,
so let's go to tooltip.js and actually export the tooltip and you can have an import in a file and an
export at the same time as well,
we already did this in project list, this is of course
absolutely
OK
and here I'm exporting the tooltip. Now in project item, we can therefore not just import DOM helper but
simply in a new line, add another import from another file.
So here import from the tooltip.js
this tooltip class here
and if we do that and we save this and we then reload, we just got an error regarding the DOM helper,
yes because I forgot to
.js here, let's fix this in this import,
let's now retry and now this works again
but if I drag and drop, I still get an error that in project list I also use the DOM helper.
So forgot to import it there,
so let's switch over to projectlist.js, this by the way also shows the advantage of having multiple
files,
it's super easy to find the failing part
and here we can also import DOM helper from the utility folder and then DOMhelper.js.
So let's save that,
make sure all files are saved and then reload again, try switching this and it works.
So this is now how we can use modules,
now there are more features related to them but this is the starting point. It's super important of course
because this really allows us to structure our code in a more readable way and every file defines its
dependencies on its own, so that you don't have to micromanage imports here.